Johnny, an average man in every way possible, is about to have a life-changing day. Johnny is thirty-three years old and lives in the northeast section of Madison, where the lake and Memorial Union are, and is not married. He works as an employee for the nearby Badger Markets, and gets home every day by 8 PM at the latest. He wishes to live a very quiet life and takes care not to trouble himself with any enemies, like winning and losing, that would cause him to lose sleep at night. It's how he deals with society, and he knows that is what brings him happiness. However, as he stepped outside of the comfort of his home, he was confronted by something intimidating and quite bizarre.

What did Johnny see that day? No one in Madison knows. No one in Wisconsin knows. No one in the whole country ever know what is truly going on that day. Before trying to figure out what happen that day,  what should we care about is why that day matters. Everyone in Bager Market knows that Johnny is kind of man who choose to embrace a peaceful and quite life. He sleep early and get up early. He has exactly eight hours sleep everyday. He does not smoke but drink, just a little though. Before sleep he must have a cup of hot milk and do yoga for half an hour, to make sure he won't leave exhausion to the next day. However, people in the market all find it extremely hard to believe that the person standing next to the store is Johnny.  

One day, Johnny was informed that he could no longer work at the Badger Market
because they were closing due to the corona virus outbreak.  What would Johnny
do now?  Johnny's life was centered around his job because it was his only
source of income.  Fortunately, he did have some money saved up for
emergencies.  The next day, Johnny found himself on the job hunt.  Would he
find a job he liked?  Maybe he wouldn't even be able to find a job at all.
These thoughts flowed through Johnny's mind as he searched the web.

Finally, he found a job perfect for him. Since Johnny was a very fit and
healthy man, he decided to take up a job to be a bodyguard at a nearby museum.
Surprisingly, he got the job very quickly, and started the very next day. This
would be the day Johnny contracted the Corona Virus. He thought, "How could
this be!? I worked hard to make sure I was healthy and made contact with as
few people as I could!" Then he remembered. The intimidating and bizarre thing
he saw at his door. It was a cat. But not just any cat. It was a deadly breed
of feline, dressed to look like a queen. That cat must have given him the virus! 
And so, just as quickly as he got his job, he lost it all again, and had to 
call an ambulance as soon as possible. The ambulance rushed him to the 
hospital and he got treated immediately. Now, however, he was once again 
jobless. In order to once again have a source of income, he took up another job 
as a contractor, as he was very skilled at management and trigonometry. 
And thus, Johnny's bizarre adventure came to a close as he continued living his 
quiet life with his new found cat.
